Add Azure OOC doc as md file to repo (#76)
kubecost/docs: azure-out-of-cluster.md

> Kubecost provides the ability to view Kubernetes metrics side-by-side with external cloud services cost, e.g. Azure Database Services. Additionally, it allows Kubecost to reconcile spend with your actual Azure bill. This gives teams running Kubernetes a complete and accurate picture of costs. [More info on this functionality](http://blog.kubecost.com/blog/complete-picture-when-monitoring-kubernetes-costs/)

Reviewer: Add a title for the whole doc?

To configure out-of-cluster (OOC) costs for Azure in Kubecost, you just need to set up daily exportation of cost reports to Azure storage. Once cost reports are exported to Azure Storage, Kubecost will access them through the Azure Storage API to display your OOC cost data alongside your in cluster costs.

## Step 1: Export Azure Cost Report

Follow this guide taking note of the name that you use for the exported cost report and select the daily month-to-date option for how the reports will be created.

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cost-management-billing/costs/tutorial-export-acm-data?tabs=azure-portal

It will take a few hours to generate the first report, after which Kubecost can use the Azure Storage API to pull that data. 

> >note: If you have sensitive data in an Azure Storage account and do not want to give out access to it, create a separate Azure Storage account to store your cost data export.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Note: If you have sensitive data in an Azure Storage account and do not want to give out access to it, create a separate Azure Storage account to store your cost data export.
```

## Step 2: Provide Access to Azure Storage API

The values needed to provide access to the Azure Storage Account where cost data is being exported can be found in the Azure portal in the Storage account where the cost data is being exported. 
* `<STORAGE_ACCOUNT_NAME>` is the name of the Storage account where the exported CSV is being stored.
* `<STORE_ACCESS_KEY>` can be found by selecting the “Access Keys” option from the navigation sidebar  then selecting “Show Keys”. Using either of the two keys will work. 
* `<REPORT_CONTAINER_NAME>` is the name that you choose for the exported cost report when you set it up. This is the name of the container where the CSV cost reports are saved in your Storage account. 

> <details>

Reviewer: The dropdown is cool but even knowing that you can do this in GH markdown I missed it the first time I read through and was confused. I would suggest keeping everything out of a dropdown.

	<summary>Maually add secret to cluster (Recommended)</summary>
	To create this secret you will need to create a JSON file that must be named azure-storage-config.json
 with the following format:

```
{
	"azureStorageAccount": "<STORAGE_ACCOUNT_NAME>",
	"azureStorageAccessKey": "<STORE_ACCESS_KEY>",
	"azureStorageContainer": <REPORT_CONTAINER_NAME>
}
```

Once you have the values filled out use this command to create the secret:

`kubectl create secret generic <SECRET_NAME> --from-file=azure-storage-config.json -n kubecost`

> Once the secret is created, set .Values.kubecostProductConfigs.azureStorageSecretName to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the secret is created, set `.Values.kubecostProductConfigs.azureStorageSecretName` to
```

> <SECRET_NAME> and upgrade Kubecost via helm, other values related to Azure Storage should not be set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<SECRET_NAME> and upgrade Kubecost via Helm, other values related to Azure Storage (see other method) should not be set.
```

</details>
<br>
 <details>
		<summary>Create a secret from helm values</summary>

* Set `.Values.kubecostProductConfigs.azureStorageAccount = <STORAGE_ACCOUNT_NAME>`
* Set `.Values.kubecostProductConfigs.azureStorageAccessKey = <STORE_ACCESS_KEY>`
* Set `.Values.kubecostProductConfigs.azureStorageContainer = <REPORT_CONTAINER_NAME>`
* Set `.Values.kubecostProductConfigs.azureStorageCreateSecret = true`
* Do not set `.Values.kubecostProductConfigs.azureStorageSecretName` if you are using this approach

> > Note: that this will leave your secrets unencrypted in values.yaml. Use an existing secret as in the next step to avoid this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: that this will leave your secrets unencrypted in values.yaml. Use a Kubernetes secret as in the previous method to avoid this.
```
